Others call it child’s blood,
Or beg for your son’s life and ask for the life of others’ children?
It’s no longer life.
They can see the fate of the child.
Only my son can survive this.
Where is the son? Winnuo killed his son.
Is my son someone you can find easily? Is that so?
This, this is your son, right?
Our people can fight him at any time.
Live or die, you have the final say.
His son was arrested and taken to an unknown address.
He is a son
I'll kill several whole families, hurry up
Give you ten seconds to think about it
To tell the truth
I still want your son’s body
It's all up to you to decide whether it's good or not
Let my son go, I will say
People like you have no faith
Who would believe that all the treasures you follow around you will be blown up to death?
Time is up
There are so many old two now, so don’t catch them.